TypeProviders: Add inner base-exception description (#17251)
dotnet/fsharp: docs/release-notes/.FSharp.Compiler.Service/8.0.400.md

* Generate new `Equals` overload to avoid boxing for structural comparison ([PR #16857](https://github.com/dotnet/fsharp/pull/16857))
* Parser: better recovery for unfinished patterns ([PR #17231](https://github.com/dotnet/fsharp/pull/17231))

> * TypeProvider inner exception message added visible to IDE ([PR #17251](https://github.com/dotnet/fsharp/pull/17251))

Reviewer: maybe this?
```suggestion
* Expose inner exception information of TypeProviders to help diagnostics in IDE ([PR #17251](https://github.com/dotnet/fsharp/pull/17251))
```
